docs: added documentation to enable Slack notification post deployment task (#787) (#788)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: examples/sample-app/README.md

![img.png](assets/big-picture.png)

## PostDeployment Slack Notification

> This section describes how to **prepare and enable** post deployment task to send notification into slack using webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to **prepare and enable** post-deployment tasks to send notifications to slack using webhooks.
```

Author: Wording updated
